Update links from travis-ci.org to travis-ci.com (#68)
edx/edx-cookiecutters: cookiecutter-django-app/README.rst

On your first PR, ensure Travis and Codecov checks are running.

> If Travis is not running, you can activate manually at https://travis-ci.com/edx/YOUR-REPO-NAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Travis is not running, you can activate manually at https://travis-ci.com/edx/edx-cookiecutters
```

Might as well update some already-broken links while we're at it. :sweat_smile:

.. _list of resources: https://open.edx.org/getting-help

> .. |travis-badge| image:: https://travis-ci.com/edx/cookiecutter-django-app.svg?branch=master
>     :target: https://travis-ci.com/edx/cookiecutter-django-app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. |travis-badge| image:: https://travis-ci.com/edx/edx-cookiecutters.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.com/github/edx/edx-cookiecutters
```

I guess these were never updated when this was copied from the original repo.
